kb(Grid): Add KB for drag-and-drop in Grid hierarchy (#2696)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-drag-drop-rows-hierarchy.md

---
title: Drag and Drop Grid Rows in Hierarchy

> description: Learn how to implement and setup drag-and-drop in hierarchical Blazor Grid scenarios. Enable or disable dragging and dropping in specific Grid instances in the hierarchy.

Reviewer: set up is the verb, setup is the noun or adjective form

> description: Learn how to implement and setup drag-and-drop in hierarchical Blazor Grid scenarios. Enable or disable dragging and dropping in specific Grid instances in the hierarchy.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to implement and set up drag-and-drop in hierarchical Blazor Grid scenarios. Enable or disable dragging and dropping in specific Grid instances in the hierarchy.
```

type: how-to
page_title: How to Drag and Drop Grid Rows in Hierarchy
slug: grid-kb-drag-drop-rows-hierarchy
tags: blazor, grid, hierarchy, drag and drop
ticketid: 1675157
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Product</td>
            <td>
                Grid for Blazor
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

This KB answers the following questions:

* How to configure drag-and-drop in a hierarchy of Telerik Grids for Blazor?

> * How to drag detail row from a child Grid and drop them on the master (parent) Grid?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* How to drag detail rows from a child Grid and drop them on the master (parent) Grid?
```

* How to prevent users from dragging and dropping master Grid rows to detail (child) Grids?

## Solution

1. Configure the [Grid hierarchy](slug://components/grid/features/hierarchy) with a `<DetailTemplate>`.
1. [Set `RowDraggable="true"` and handle the `OnRowDrop` event](slug://grid-drag-drop-overview) for the master or detail Grids.

> 1. [Set unique `@ref` attributes to all detail Grid instances](slug://common-kb-dynamic-refs).

Reviewer: Wouldn't the `@ref` and `@key` steps happen in the same step for each Grid? Or is it more likely for people to go over the code, set `@ref` for all Grids and then go back and set `@key` for all Grids?
